Update docs related to const-eval/Miri (#676)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/const-eval.md

size at runtime by precomputing complex operations at compiletime and only
storing the result.

Constant evaluation can be done by calling the `const_eval_*` queries of `TyCtxt`.

> The `const_eval_*` queries use a [`ParamEnv`](./param_env.html) of environment

Reviewer: I assume you mean `const_eval_poly` and friends? These are not queries, they are just wrappers around the `const_eval` query.

Author: Yeah, and I didn't know that. I updated this wording because someone was confused that `const_eval` doesn't exist on the docs anymore. Addressed via 852baf504063b8b4f522c2ebb5ca1fde2f1a105a.

in which the constant is evaluated (e.g. the function within which the constant is used)
and a [`GlobalId`]. The `GlobalId` is made up of an `Instance` referring to a constant
or static or of an `Instance` of a function and an index into the function's `Promoted` table.

Constant evaluation returns a [`ConstEvalResult`] with either the error, or the simplest
representation of the constant. "simplest" meaning if it is representable as an

> integer or fat pointer, it will directly yield the value (via [`ConstValue::Scalar`]

Reviewer: This "simplest" part is only true for `const` items, not for statics.

(It's all quite messy and I hope to clean it up with https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/72396.)

Author: Addressed via 852baf5.

size at runtime by precomputing complex operations at compiletime and only
storing the result.

Constant evaluation can be done by calling the `const_eval_*` queries of `TyCtxt`.

The `const_eval_*` queries use a [`ParamEnv`](./param_env.html) of environment
in which the constant is evaluated (e.g. the function within which the constant is used)
and a [`GlobalId`]. The `GlobalId` is made up of an `Instance` referring to a constant
or static or of an `Instance` of a function and an index into the function's `Promoted` table.

Constant evaluation returns a [`ConstEvalResult`] with either the error, or the simplest
representation of the constant. "simplest" meaning if it is representable as an
integer or fat pointer, it will directly yield the value (via [`ConstValue::Scalar`]
or [`ConstValue::Slice`]), instead of referring to the [`miri`](./miri.html) virtual
memory allocation (via [`ConstValue::ByRef`]). This means that the `const_eval_*`
functions cannot be used to create miri-pointers to the evaluated constant or
static. If you need that, you need to directly work with the functions in

> [`src/librustc_mir/const_eval.rs`].

Reviewer: If you need the value of a constant inside Miri, the right function to call is `eval_const_to_op` (soon to be renamed, likely to `const_to_op` or so).

"miri-pointer to evaluated constant" does not make a lot of sense as constants do not have an address.

Author: Thanks! Addressed via e378c9386f6f5fc9c82b9dafa8d21103e0966881.

size at runtime by precomputing complex operations at compiletime and only
storing the result.

Constant evaluation can be done by calling the `const_eval_*` functions of `TyCtxt`.
They're the wrappers of the `const_eval` query.

The `const_eval_*` functions use a [`ParamEnv`](./param_env.html) of environment
in which the constant is evaluated (e.g. the function within which the constant is used)
and a [`GlobalId`]. The `GlobalId` is made up of an `Instance` referring to a constant
or static or of an `Instance` of a function and an index into the function's `Promoted` table.

> Constant evaluation returns a [`ConstEvalResult`] with either the error, or the simplest
> representation of the constant. "simplest" meaning if the `const` item is representable as an
> integer or fat pointer, it will directly yield the value (via [`ConstValue::Scalar`]
> or [`ConstValue::Slice`]), instead of referring to the [`miri`](./miri.html) virtual
> memory allocation (via [`ConstValue::ByRef`]). This means that the `const_eval_*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constant evaluation returns a [`ConstEvalResult`] with either the error, or the a
representation of the constant. `static` initializers are always represented as
[`miri`](./miri.html) virtual memory allocation (via [`ConstValue::ByRef`]).
Other constants get represented as [`ConstValue::Scalar`]
or [`ConstValue::Slice`] if possible. This means that the `const_eval_*`
```

> functions cannot be used to create miri-pointers to the evaluated constant or
> static. If you need the value of a constant inside Miri, you need to directly work with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions cannot be used to create miri-pointers to the evaluated constant.
If you need the value of a constant inside Miri, you need to directly work with
```

Author: Ahh I missed that, thanks!
